Are not.
Yen Kinh Bay project, our Tham family invested heavily.
Project suspension costs millions of people
Important historical relic discovered in Yen Kinh Bay, Tham Hien District
Whether true or false must be found out.
I am the director, do I not count my words?
You also deserve Zhang Lidong.
What do you mean?
Believe it or not, I'm going to arrest you right now.
Let's see who it is.
Such a great location.
With me here, who dares to move the knife?
By Dao Giang.
why are you here
Director La, do you have the guts?
Dare to abuse the position of martial arts patrol dog
I see your hand position.
It's time to step down.
I was wrong, zombie.
Wrong, so please explain to me.
Why rely on Trieu Thiet Hung's words?
You will close the project in Yen Kinh Bay.
I am fascinated by Trieu Thien Hung.
I really don't have.
Then I will ask someone to check carefully.
Financial transactions between you
I want to see if it is fraud or bribery.
Mr. President, I was wrong.
I was so wrong.
Quickly return and wait to accept punishment.
Let's go.